12. Order of business

The next item was the order of business.
The final draft agenda for the October I sittings (PE 428.981/PDOJ) had
been distributed and a number of changes had been proposed (Rule 140):
Wednesday

The report by Edit Bauer on the organisation of the working time of persons
performing mobile road transport activities (item 4 on the final draft
agenda) had been rejected in committee and had therefore been withdrawn
from the agenda.

Thursday

The following three reports, which had been scheduled to be put to the vote
on Thursday, had not been adopted in time. The President proposed that they
therefore be withdrawn from the agenda:

- Report: Reimer Bge - Mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund: Italy, the
Abruzzo earthquake (item 17 on the final draft agenda)

- Report: Reimer Bge - Mobilisation of the European Globalisation
Adjustment Fund: Germany - telecommunications sector (item 18 on the final
draft agenda)

- Report: Jutta Haug - Draft amending budget 9/2009: Earthquake in Italy
(item 16 on the final draft agenda)

The following spoke: Alain Lamassoure (Chair of the BUDG Committee), who
stated that both reports by Reimer Bge had been adopted unanimously in
committee, but that they could not be translated in time to be put to the
vote on Thursday.

The following spoke: Barbara Matera and Gianni Pittella, both of whom
requested that the report by Reimer Bge on the mobilisation of the EU
solidarity fund for Abruzzo be put to the vote on Thursday, although it had
not yet been translated. The President requested that the report be
translated urgently with a view to its being put to the vote on Thursday.
It was so decided.



                                      
                                      

The President made the following proposals for changes:

