Attendees: [PERSON4], [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON3]

Summary:
Unfortunately , there is no overlap between [ORGANIZATION6] and [ORGANIZATION2] in this week , [PERSON3] shall [try to do] the poll for the next week as well and hopefully , we will find something there . Or [PERSON1] should allocate those in the Overleaf and [PERSON3] will somehow make it clear in the tables , that the person months that are by [ORGANIZATION4] will not be paid for from the budget , but [PERSON1] will be assumed to have [PERSON1]'s  own funding for those person months . [PERSON3] do not know , how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards , but just promise some sensible number of person months , that [PERSON1] could indeed claim , that [PERSON1] have worked on project , and definitely , it should tasks [PERSON1] want to do within the scope , of the project , just like [broadcasters] further within [ORGANIZATION4] . Just a question , because maybe it was not clear to [PERSON1] . And [PERSON3] think , that the [ORGANIZATION6] should be in , like present at the at the conference at the [ORGANIZATION9] congress for dissemination purposes , because there will be also the meetings done remotely among the [ORGANIZATION4] delivery SAI institute . this was this was this was also for [PERSON2] , just to make to make that , to , known in within [ORGANIZATION4] that . that's , for [PERSON2] , it is a part of the congress . , [ORGANIZATION4] should make sure that there is that there is enough events happening and that we know about them , and that we like , connect to them . 

[PERSON1] think but at least one event per project [a] year should be very important . , it is , [PERSON2] believe it s not decided yet . And from yo [PERSON3]'s  speech , [PERSON2] get the idea , that [PERSON3] are interested mainly in the workshoptype thing . it makes sense , but [PERSON2] need to ask . 

[PERSON2] have no idea what [forum] the other events will be in . 

[PERSON1] would not create [PERSON1] would not like not to create separate task , but to have a one single task [ORGANIZATION4] events . let us make this one task for [ORGANIZATION4] events , and then , in the task description , we will say , that we plan to have the dry run and then the main and then the two follow ups . Whereas the integration for the events does not need [ORGANIZATION6] . [PERSON3] understand that the [ORGANIZATION2] would like [OTHER2] . just let [PERSON1] add one thing to this . That's , that is very good and [PERSON3] think , that the that needs to be like advertised for in the project proposal as well , and that extends [PERSON1]'s  role from being just the integrator to also working directly on the ASR work package , right ? one purpose is to adapt to the speaker and second purpose is to have this person as the respeaker at one of the live events . as [PERSON2] see on online 17 and below , there is what [PERSON3] entered for our [ORGANIZATION4]'s but this is a very raw guess , and [PERSON3] do not know , [PERSON4] is here , but maybe [ORGANIZATION2] also knows . [PERSON3] know it is [PERSON3] know it is [PERSON3] know it is a lot of work , [PERSON3] do not know how much should we say that we need per speaker . But we really [ask] , let [PERSON3] say a maximum of a one hour . Because [PERSON1] was being about the numbers . let us that is a very good idea [PERSON3] will make sure that we have this , it actually fits nicely in the in the hours here in this table , we could have one more purpose and that would be , recording or adapting at respoken events , that could be part of this these conferences already . for [OTHER2] and for the other languages: , can [PERSON1] populate this table as [PERSON3] said this is for us , the idea is , that we will like this table , the upper parts in on this sheet do the add upsthis , the blue one adds the hours by the different languages that we want to record , and the red subtable summarises these personmonths by a partner . all that , this should be filled by all the teams , that want to get , like direct access to data for speaker adaptation , and [PERSON3] would leave this to up to the [ORGANIZATION5] to decide , how much time do they want to invest into speaker adaptation for [OTHER3] . then , these person month here do not make it directly to the to the spreadsheet here , to the efforts . 

[PERSON1] are just fine with the audio equipment that was there . let [PERSON1] say , that [PERSON1] have started checking the availability of specific hardware , , especially for the respeakers . it's , [PERSON1] will add some hardware costs for the equipment , because we will have also to set up the local infrastructure for publishing . 

[PERSON1] will make a rough estimation as soon as possible , obviously . if [PERSON1] can make a separate line for one [ORGANIZATION5] , of for recording and [PERSON3] shall copy that for ourselves then . 

[PERSON1] will let [PERSON1] say , put the note , that this is the one unity cost of the equipment . Thanks , already , [PERSON1] created the tasks in the integration work package , but primal titles only , and it was not clear to [PERSON3] what is the integration with publishing platform , the publishing platform is for the minutes , that is like the , , or that is task 6.4 . Task 6.4 was the one what was notclear to [PERSON1] and we already thought about that before and . , [PERSON4] , make sure that [PERSON1] are there as well . [PERSON3] think that will probably promise reports only . [PERSON3] do not know , maybe [PERSON4] could comment on there design of deliverables , because that is what in the spoken language translation , and maybe we could mimic this layout in in the integration work package 2 . , [PERSON4] is not a hundred percent sure whether all the prototypes should be deliverables , we just promised to deliver systems that be ready for starting the integration thing , that was mentioned some months , six was mentioned somewhere , , but maybe that should not be a deliverable [for] the prototypes , [PERSON4] do not know all and other work . milestones are , [PERSON3] have heard that milestones are something , that [PERSON3] just tick off in the system where is for each deliverable , even if it is software , there has to be like a cover letter , cover report , is that true ? let us , [PERSON3] suggest , that to do the same thing . will just either [PERSON1] or myself will just review that . [PERSON3] would just make something up , but if [PERSON4] do it . 

[ORGANIZATION7] doc is fine for [PERSON1] . no more questions from [PERSON1]'s  side .