Attendees: PERSON12, PERSON13, PERSON7, PERSON5, PERSON14

 * [PERSON12]: I plan to go there, but like, we need a back-up person.
 * For the [PROJECT13] event.
 * We need someone to take care of the recording, so the archiver person.
 * [PERSON7]: I think we need to improve our segmenter, the worlds are getting revised fine.
 * [PERSON7]: I'll first ask him to correct the current [PROJECT10]L for the correct type we have.
 * Maybe it will be better for us to attend the call with the [PERSON10].
 * We will separately need to ship the audio to the English [PROJECT3] separately.
 * [PERSON12]: If you have good data for the language pair, then yes, it is better to go directly.
