Summary:

* PERSON13 got a new machine one and a half or two months ago. It was built during the <unintelligible> period. 
  - Disc: It's nice and well-made. 
  - Fact: It came from PERSON5's place. 
    -- Disc: He likes it very much. 
* PERSON12 was ill during the holidays. Now he's back to work and his mood has improved. The holidays for PERSON13 were also not fun as he was busy with assignments and projects during the New Year's holidays. 
* PERSON13 is staying in a private private apartment in Barbican city, Mannheim. 
  - Disc: It is more like a kind of village part of the city than in the dorms, as he explains to PERSON12 and PERSON12 that he is staying there. 
* PERSON12, PERSON5 and PERSON7 are here. The electricity is back. 
  - Disc: There is some noise cancellation, but it's not very bad. 
  - Disc: in the area where they are. 
* PERSON12 has started documents with "to do" lists. The Holocaust survivor's session for PROJECT13 has been postponed by a month. The project for PROJECT6 has also been postponed. 
* He wants to ask anyone who can help him with the two projects. He also needs help with the assignments and exams. 
* PERSON12 suggests that PERSON13 should talk directly to PERSON7 and ask if there is any one-shot thing that he could do. 
  -- Disc: It could be downloading for domain data or preparing data for two events. 
* PERSON12 is going to the PROJECT6 technical meeting tomorrow. 
  - Disc: He wants to record the sound on the site. 
* He needs someone to take care of the recording. 
  - Fact: He also needs someone as a back-up person for the PROJECT13 event, which has been moved to the 26th of February. 
  - Disc: PERSON14 agrees to do it. 
* PERSON12 suggests to use simple HTML tables that would be auto generated and that would grow to show the performance of the new systems. 
  -- Fact: He also suggests to move the few scripts from the PROJECT2 test set and some automatic runner. 
* He suggests to create a conversion from the tables into HTML and to put the results regularly to the webpage. 
* PERSON12 has a lot of work to do. 
  - Fact: He has to update the demo paper submission which is due next Friday. 
    -- Fact: He also has project reports to do, and he's starting to gather documents for the two sessions. 
  - Disc: He's also busy with minuting. 
* PERSON12 and PERSON13 have heard from PERSON13 that there will probably be no progress over the Christmas. PERSON7 is reporting the statistics about the transcript percent. He was happy with D one point five and unhappy with D six point three when doing D. 
* PERSON7, PERSON12 and PERSON7 are going to prepare a test set size for PROJECT3. 
* They need to check if they need to remove some lines from PROJECT3 due to profanity filtering or if empty lines need to be removed due to other reasons. 
* PERSON12 wants to add profanity filtering and rare words evaluation to the complimentary metric. Both require manual preparation of the reference and scoring by something which directly accounts for the words that should not be included in the output. The list of names and terms that are not to be included is an explicit list. 
* Ivana has compiled a translation dictionary. 
* She should share it soon. 
  - Disc: It could become an PROJECT9 part of the second thing of the railroad. It will be the rare words for PROJECT9, and then from PROJECT13 it will be some dictionary. 
* Next week, PERSON12 will consider if PERSON7, PERSON10, or PERSON1 can extract positive plus negative lists from PROJECT1 or domain documents from the files of PROJECT1 and/or domain documents, as well as if they have the capacity to do it. 
* PERSON12 and PERSON7 need to improve their segmenter to get a higher score. 
* The world scores are getting revised fine, but if they improve the segmenter, their score should be higher than what they are getting now. 
  - Disc: It's a problem with the score calculation. 
* PERSON12 and other partners will have a meeting next Wednesday to discuss a project-related issue. 
  - Disc: They want to know if they are happy with the way the delay is being calculated. 
* They need the delay scores for some of the files from the IWPROJECT10 Dev set and other domain files. 
* PERSON12 is happy with the tables that they put into the deliverables. 
  - Fact: He has been asking for this since August. 
* He wants to have the continuous evaluation for the ladder climbing for the next few weeks. 
  -- Disc: It was stressful to get all the things together for the deadline. 
* PERSON12 wants to choose the system for both of the sessions, PROJECT13 and PROJECT6. The system has to be based on some numbers. 
  - Disc: PROJECT13 is going to be in Czech, and PERSON7 is not sure which one to choose. 
* PERSON12 needs to keep in touch with PERSON10 and PERSON5 because they need to revive PROJECT5. 
  -- Disc: PERSON5 finally managed to compile PROJECT5 and is trying to get it up and running for himself, but he's not sure how far he's going to go. 
* PERSON5 is trying to train a model on common voice for his experiment. He will use more datasets than the one recommended by ORGANIZATION10. 
* He needs to choose which data set to use. 
  - Disc: The common voice alone would be too small for comparison purposes. 
* PERSON5 wants to write a paper from the experiment. He will use the most frequently used dataset. The link to deliverables in the work package one is already available to some extent. 
  - Fact: The one link is D one point and D one five, which is the one that is publicly available. 
* PERSON12 is in the search organization document D one five for this call. He has pasted the link to the ORGANIZATION11 document as well. The document is already published. There is an PROJECT3 section in the document. 
* PERSON12 is training a new system at ORGANIZATION4. 
  - Disc: He wants to make sure that the data on the disks is stored properly. 
  - Fact: He also wants to work on a non native speech system as part of his masters thesis. He will talk to PERSON7, PERSON5, and PERSON10 about it. 
* PERSON13 wants to have a call with PERSON10 to discuss when to go through the video. 
  -- Fact: Some of the paths are not existing yet, so some of the options are not available yet. 
  - Disc: PERSON5 is two part of the video and wants to start from the beginning. 
* PERSON5 wants to work on the non native speakers part of his thesis. 
  - Disc: He would like to do the model using PROJECT5. He will send an e-mail to the project manager to invite him and the other participants to the meeting on Monday or Tuesday. 
* PERSON12 doesn't have anything to say about the call with PERSON10. PERSON7 wants to know when they finalise the replacement for him. The replacement will be training PROJECT3 systems if he is to replace PERSON10. 
* PERSON12 needs to respond to a message from Vi. 
  - Fact: It's on his "to do" list. 
* He needs to give the summary to PERSON14. 
  -- Disc: She will present it. 
* The message is from PERSON12 to PERSON4. 
* PERSON14 released the corpus for PROJECT11 before Christmas. This week he implemented a speech language identification model for Czech, German and English. It works in online mode with three seconds delay. He is going to integrate it into the mediator and create a simple start up script to increase control so anyone can use it. 
* PERSON12, PERSON14 and PERSON3 are going to work towards the ORGANIZATION8 deadline with a subtitler study paper and then with PROJECT12. They are aiming to do it towards the end of the project based on PROJECT11 or based upon PROJECT11. 
* The project involves considering multiple sources and multiple channels. It will be as audio to text worker and it will emit time stamps like time stamps. 
  - Fact: The project is called PROJECT3 and it's being developed by PERSON12 and PERSON14. 
  - Disc: It's a language idea. 
* PERSON12 needs a tool to separate the output into the three language channels and filter it to produce either silent or correct output depending on the language. 
  - Disc: The tool is called PROJECT12 and it will be preserving the text output and following the time stamps. It will emit either silent if it's the wrong language or the recognized text if it is the correct language. 
* PERSON12 is trying to figure out the best way of integrating the language ID into the pipelines. He suggests that the same sound is shipped to PROJECT3 and the same language checker is used to silencing the other one if it's in the wrong language. 
* PERSON12 and PERSON7 are trying to come up with a solution to the problem of multi-lingual models and building blocks for the translation of languages into English. It's possible to do both, but it will bias the translations. 
* PERSON12 and PERSON7 are discussing the quality of multilingual models. 
  - Fact: They discuss the difference between direct bilingual models and pivoted models. 
  - Disc: The quality depends on the data available. If the data is more available through English, it's better to go directly through English. 
* PERSON12, PERSON7, PERSON14 and PERSON13 have a meeting about the book. 
  - Fact: They have to have it out in the middle of the year. 
* They need to start writing right after the subtitler study. 
  - Disc: The continuous evaluation is the most urgent thing now. 

------ Note ------
*: A topic or important point of the discussion.
Fact: An objective statement.
Disc: A subjective discussion such as an opinion and claim.
-: An item related to the topic or point.
--: A supplemental or supporting statement for its previous sentence.
