Project updates
Date: January 2021  
Attendees: [PERSON12], [PERSON13], [PERSON7], [PERSON5], [PERSON14]
Purpose of meeting: discussing various updates: [PROJECT6], [PROJECT13]

- General updates for [PROJECT6].
-- Postponed by a month to 26 February.
-- If [PERSON13] or anyone else could help [PERSON7], get in touch with him.
--- [PERSON13] is very busy right now (exam period), in a month he will have more time.
-- [PROJECT6] will have two parts: one online, pre-recorded, the second one will be a real live discussion taking place in the [PROJECT6]. 
-- [PERSON12] is going tomorrow to the [PROJECT6] for a technical meeting.
--- [PERSON14] is a back up person. 

- General updates for the [PROJECT13] event.
-- In need of somebody to take care of the recording. 
-- Likely that we will get some dictionary. 
-- It is in Czech.

- Ladder climbing: to do for [PERSON7].
-- This is the most urgent thing right now.
-- Clean up the evaluations.
-- Use simple auto-generated HTML tables. 
-- Create a conversion from the tables into HTML. 
-- Put the results regularly to [PERSON7]'s webpage / [ORGANIZATION7].
--- Useful for people outside [ORGANIZATION4] so that they can browse it.

- [PERSON12]'s updates.
-- Currently working on updating the demo paper submission and some project reports.
-- Also busy with minuting. 
-- Reminds everybody to work continuously over several weeks, not just before the deadline evaluation takes time.
-- With the subtitler study paper, we are aiming for the [ORGANIZATION8] deadline.

- [PERSON7]'s updates. 
-- He finished the deliverables. 
-- We have a statistic to represent the numbers. 
-- [PERSON7] thinks we should also add a statistic to represent language pairs (English > German or vice versa)
-- Original plan was to get an idea about the word ration of the two languages for a given transcript.
-- Add other complementary metrics.
--- Profanity filtering evaluation: create a list of words which must not appear in output.
--- Rare words evaluation: create a list of words which we want to appear in output. 
-- This involves manual preparation of the reference.
-- [PERSON2] has compiled a translation dictionary and will share it soon, might be helpful. 
-- [PERSON7] will have a call with [PERSON10] and then take a look at the lists.
-- [PERSON7] should also create delay scores from some files from [PROJECT2] test set.

- [PERSON5]'s updates.
-- Currently working on [PROJECT5], managed to compile it.
-- Now he is training the model on common voice. 
-- Rethinking the data set he will use for the experiment, maybe use [ORGANIZATION2] or [ORGANIZATION3].
--- [PERSON12] says to definitely use more data sets, common voice alone would be too small.
--- Waiting for a reply from [ORGANIZATION10] about the data sets.
-- [PERSON5] is the one at [ORGANIZATION4] who is training the [PROJECT3] system.
--- [PERSON13], [PERSON5] and [PERSON10] will have a call to discuss further.
---- [PERSON4] will be a replacement for [PERSON10], include him in the call too.

- [PERSON14]'s updates.
-- Released the [PROJECT11] corpus to [PERSON3]. 
-- Trained speech language identification: Czech, German, English. 
-- Discussing [PROJECT3] system details. 
--- [PERSON12]: we should have multilingual [PROJECT9] models and multilingual [PROJECT3] / multiple [PROJECT3] feeding into the same multilingual [PROJECT9]. 
---- Might lead to bad quality. 


Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
