
Date: 2020/04/29
Attendees: [PERSON11], [PERSON4], [PERSON8], [PERSON10], [PERSON9], [PERSON15], [PERSON13]
Purpose of meeting: Regular call.

Summary of meeting:

[PERSON11]:
- Inform about postpone regular meeting.
Ask everyone for vote in Doodle.
Meeting will be in September, probably online.

[PERSON11], [PERSON8], [PERSON10], [PERSON9], [PERSON13]:
- Inform about deliverables in June.
It is needed to choose internal review person.
Initial ASR system will review [PERSON10].
3.1 will review probably [PERSON13], he will let know.
Management guide will write [PERSON11] and [PERSON3].
Management guide should be cross reviewed between [ORGANIZATION3] and [ORGANIZATION2].
Internal review should be ready 8th June.

[PERSON11], [PERSON8], [PERSON9]:
- Talk about milestones.
Complete set up for [ORGANIZATION4] Congress is technically prepared.

- There will be one more deliverable, the year 2 test set, till the end of August.
[PROJECT1] test set will pick up [PERSON9].
Technical thing will discuss [PERSON9] and [PERSON8].
It is assorted collection of documents and whenever someone wants to test will select a subset of files with the require set of languages.
Should be populated and described by August.
Is working on SLTF which should serve ideal set up.

[PERSON8]:
- Inform that [PERSON12] should coordinate annotators.
If he won't then there is [PERSON6] who is now finishing the overview of the audible SLT test set.
- Forced alignment

- Appeal to everyone for step in and provide feedback on the layout, upload data sets.

[PERSON8], [PERSON15], [PERSON10]:
- Discuss possibility of sending lock file because of python unpublished code.
Only way to do the comparison really fairly is to run or serve the models.

- Discuss ASR retranslation and end-to-end ASR and its stability.
The problem with the integration of the ASR and MT will remain even the new generation of the ASR models is there.
It will depend on users preference.

[PERSON8], [PERSON13], [PERSON4]:
- Ask if it would be possible that [ORGANIZATION5] would manage and make sure that demo is delivered.
[PERSON2] will be running the systems but is needed someone to make sure that it happened.
Explain ideas of work.
The date should be 17th May.
[PERSON13] create Doodle Poll and then ask [PERSON5].
[PERSON8] and [PERSON4] agreed on screen sharing and screen a broadcasting to present the results.


Next meeting will be in May.





Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]

		




