ELITR meeting 134

Date:

Attendees: [PERSON54], [PERSON27], [PERSON7]

Purpose of meeting: Discussing the participation of project members, task delegation and timeline of the separate tasks

- Discussing the attendance of the project participants

-- Communication between project participants

-- Inability to continue working on the project of one of the participants

- Unresponding annotator

-- The need to finish the annotation

- Deciding to get in touch with the project participant to find about their status in project

- Looking for agenda and discussing the effective ways to communicate and share data within the project

- Annotation

-- Discussing the standards and ideal form of annotation levels

-- Deciding the responsibility for each step and aspect of the annotation process

-- Stating the difference between the two levels of annotation

-- Discussing the proper way to deal with entities

-- Deciding the identity status

- Redelegating the tasks that were left behind by the project member that is supposed to be leaving

-- Transferring the list of candidates

- Discussing the poor quality of the annotations

- Discussing the status of named entities

-- The tag system and its usage among the members

-- Problem of "multi words"

- Discussing the protection of personal data

-- Deciding what needs to be anonymized

-- The duplicity and identification of the entities

- Getting documents from the missing member and discussing their status in the project

- Time management and responsibility for the first phase of annotation and dataset

- Discussing the idea how the process of annotation should technically work

- Deidentification procedure

-- Person who is supposed to determine the regulations of the data anonymization

-- Idea of swapping the named entities

-- The need to decide the timeline with member responsible for this step

-- Deciding the personal data status

- Preparing the consent for the participants and data providers

-- Two version or phases of the consent form

-- Discussing the possible reworking of the first consent form

-- Deciding the proper way to distribute the consent form to all the data providers

-- Discussing deadlines and time urgency for each phase of consent form

-- Personalization and providing samples

- Access to dataset for the participants and data providers

-- Working on the system to link participants with concrete meetings

-- Obtaining the participants list

-- Adding the possibility to report bugs

- Discussing the process of anonymization of the personal data

- Sample documents at the end of January

- Full dataset deadline set on March 16th

- Deciding the timeline for participant to send back the consent forms before starting with the deidentification procedure

- Data deidentification done by the end of February

- Discussing the timeline

-- Discussing the consequences of missing some of the project participants

- Webpage prototype

-- Discussing the change of the frequency of changes

-- The Scientific Committee

--- Deciding who should be a member and who should be mentioned there

--- Doing data check of these entities

- Making the unificated system for the participants invitation status

- Discussing the deadline of the proposal

-- Agreeing on the sooner date

- Organization of the list of names

- Data transferring between project members

- Deciding on keynote speakers and other persons to be asked to help with the project

- Discussing the Committee member status

- Distributing the proposal to other project participants

- Arranging the meeting with one of the project members at [ORGANIZATION2] at Thursday

- Sending e-mails to candidates

-- Deciding it would be best for nonrussian member of the project to contact the Russian candidates because of the financial reasons

Minutes submitted by: Klára Holcov
