[PERSON10] was about to join because he told me that he wants to be in the meeting. I was running little bit-
Sorry I was caught in another call. Uh, that means that we will lose a pe-, the person to prepare the data. And now after this Christmas holiday, during the holidays I didn't address him but now I see that he is not going to finish it because he stopped. And, then, um, uh, get in touch with [PERSON7] and double check that he would be able, uh, to do the processing, uh,  also at the token level. And, uh, we need to do the second round for many of the words, uh, the annotators-
You and the annotator should have indicated, that it depends on the context. I will open the agenda now and will send you the link so we can write it down. (PERSON9) So, uh, [PERSON4]- the ma-
The agenda is in the master document so if you can check the Coffee Meetings. This is in full documents if, uh, that particular instance is an NE is not ,uh,  an NE, and then insert token level annotations again into the same xml [PROJECT3] documents. Uh, this word was suspected NE marked clearly as an NE in word type annotation. So this is not complete, but it illustrates that we want to have the, uh, uh, the finest possible detail about the annotation process. So we may be unsure about the particular instances being or not being entities. (PERSON4) This is copy, because [PERSON7] has made the annotations to the same file. So that is the standard distinction from lexicographers work types and-. And word token is a particular instance of the word in a running text in in the running text. To do like the bulk processing of the documents and the insertion of the annotations into the Xml and things like that. (PERSON10) Uh, like then, uh, creating such a list again, uh, it is very easy. These decisions that you make then could be easily transferred an restored. Yeah, so this is, the the typos in named entities are mainly because the people do, the annotators not knowing the correct spelling. It would not suspect all beginnings of words to be named entities. Open problems, uh, and one  of the open problems is the edition of new documents. (PERSON10) And what is an unresolved problem as the identity of NEs, um, preservation and now well-. Uh, this type of chaining, but we should not afford it for for the people. Jane is not not a speaker in this meeting, and someone refers to Jane at the top of the meeting, and someone else refers to Jane at the end of the meetings. (PERSON10) So what I'm thinking of is, for example, for the token level annotation. If if if I locked myself for that week, it would be a few via macros, and I would be just hitting
F one, F two, F one, F two, F one, F two. Because it is at least some information that could be preserved in the minutes. (PERSON10) So a document is either the transcript or any any minute version for that particular meeting. We we need to like discuss with her, what is what is the strategy. From her survey of of the regulations the guidelines will follow. So I think that the, uh, the annotation can go independently. (PERSON4) But this is what [PERSON14] actually doesn't know at the moment. And the second one is we are getting the permission to publish the data in the the de-identified form. (PERSON4) So it means that we should kind of forget everything that we did before and do again from the ze-, from zero. (PERSON4) We do, because we have we have we have-
(PERSON10) Yeah. Our existing consent forms are about publishing actually, mostly. He could browse them and check himself if he is still represented in that or not. Like forget about the first form for the purpose of the release of the corpus. (PERSON4) Mhm well, I'm just thinking about this, uh, samples. I understand, that there is, uh, there could be, uh, a substantial amount of administration so to say. As a simple directory with documents which people could browse. But even if we don't do this, let's just collect it from the meeting minutes. Maybe you were also present to other meeting and you were accidentally not listed. Yeah, I don't think the the stay-, the extra step of cutting out the extra portion of the master sheet is too tedious. So they need to have a place where they would record, uh, these, uh, extra observations. ( So that we can put it online as to the prospective participants of the task at the beginning of February. (PERSON10) And we need to have the full thing, was it end of March? So if we are able to have the data for them by mid February, then I would agree with you. But I think that [PERSON4] will be finished with the work type level annotation, uh, well, in 
two days. This should happen, uh, by the end of by the mid of February at the latest. <unintelligible>
<laugh>
(PERSON9) Okay, so I will, I will increase the timer. (PERSON4) And maybe one will thing, as you created the Scientific Committee. So actually, I'm not sure should be in the Scientific Committee. So that is why I have forwarded you the email, right [PERSON4]. <unintelligible>
So it is a very special task to look through these people. So for this work better, the more personal we write it, uh, the the better. (PERSON9) No, I I I would propose that we submit the proposal within the January seventh or eight. So, uh, like like, like the people we know, they will quickly give us consent, right? So I will propose that at least if we can have fifteen people, fifteen people, that would be great. (PERSON4) I have one little question before finfish the call. This can be done later but at the same time do you have any key note speaker in mind for this summarization? They will like give us the best background knowledge from the past. (PERSON4) Just to <unintelligible>
(PERSON10) Okay, I can do it. So if they get an email from [PERSON4] Nedoluzhko, it's too Russian.