PERSON17 and PERSON11 are discussing the multi-source status for the PROJECT4. PERSON11 explains that they don't have much progress with multi- sources yet, as they need to complete the GPU test and to know which version of PROJECT2 they will further use. PERSON17 suggests that they could have done the research in the text domain, and PERSON11 agrees. He is waiting for the input from ORGANIZATION3 on the document level aspect of the research, and PERSON19 is running experiments on the baselines only. PERSON17 also asks if PERSON10nie has covered the data yet, and he confirms that he has.
PERSON17 is discussing the plans for the multi-source project with PERSON19, PERSON11, and PERSON8. PERSON9 is leaving the call and will finish the language model checking of ASR outputs. PERSON9 will synchronize with PERSON5 and PERSON8 to synchronize about the tools that PERSON9 has developed and PERSON5 should incorporate and PERSON8 should regularly use. PERSON17 has seen PERSON5 disappear at the moment, but he will probably be in touch with PERSON9 early next week. PERSON4 is on the call, but PERSON17 is not sure if he can hear them.
PERSON17 and PERSON8 discuss the integration of profanity filtering and the spasm detection and removal. PERSON17 suggests that PERSON8 provide the inputs and outputs as the first testing approach and that PERSON4 can download the files to his local machine using PROJECT3 or PROJECT10. She also mentions that the new ASR the E to E ASR also suffers from this spasm issues. PERSON8 confirms that he agrees with the idea of do-it-yourself integration.
PERSON17 and PERSON14 discuss the integration of the dashboard and monitor, the PROJECT5 Czech ASR, the domain adaptation, and recording segmentation. They also discuss the multi-accent English and the idea of working together to create new sentences with different words to solve the technical problems of multi-speaker speakers.
PERSON17 and PERSON16 discuss the lessons learned from the PROJECT1 and S G one sessions. They discuss the need to record the experience from the sessions and the need for PERSON8 and PERSON16 to make sure the setup is understandable and regularly tested by others in the team. They also discuss the issue with the ASR worker that failed to work. PERSON16 explains that he had a call with PERSON5 about the issue and suggests that he try to debug the issue.
PERSON17 and PERSON16 are discussing the multi-lingual model. They discuss the possibility of adding parameters to limit the number of languages and improving the speed of the model. PERSON6 suggests using multiple replicas of the same worker, each emitting a different subset of languages. They agree that it would be better to run the model with fewer languages enabled, but there are still two thinks that are bad with the model, such as being trained using tensor to tensor, which makes it very slow. They also agree that running the model in parallel is better than running it in parallel.
PERSON17 and PERSON16 discuss the technical issues with PROJECT2 and suggest using the ORGANIZATION2 mailing list for technical issues. They also discuss the possibility of using the PROJECT9 ORGANIZATION2 list to discuss the issue with PERSON19 and others. PERSON17 suggests that PERSON19 could help with the issue and suggests that they use the same source of information as PERSON19. PERSON19 has successfully fight the RUPn issue in the past, so PERSON17 suggests using the same information.
PERSON17 and PERSON11 are discussing PERSON6's work on shortening and extending models. PERSON6 is running out of storage quota on Mala Strana and needs to come up with an estimate of how much more space he needs. PERSON17 suggests using command D F and it will tell him the space on all the discs, or D F minus H for human. He has 50 gigabytes of space on Troja, which is too little. PERSON11 suggests having the data in Troja.
PERSON17 and PERSON16 are discussing the progress of a man in Saarbr√ºcken who is interested in joining PERSON17's group. PERSON17 suggests that he should email the PhD at ORGANIZATION2 to apply for a PhD. He also mentions that the deadline for applying for PhD is at the end of the year, December 30th.
PERSON17 and PERSON8 are discussing the lessons they learned from the PROJECT1 and S G one. PERSON8 is working on a script to generate ASR automatically and has a call with PERSON4 to discuss the capability of downloading files. PERSON2 will be the person who will pick up the script from PERSON8. PERSON17 suggests that the scores should be stored somewhere and the outputs should be cached.
PERSON17 is looking for someone to help with the immediate domain adaptation and data crunching. PERSON8 confirms that they have a domain-adapted model for the PERSON18 toolkit, but they need the transcript to test it. PERSON17 suggests that the PROJECT5 setup could be used to spot which sentences are better.
PERSON17, PERSON8, PERSON6, and PERSON14 are discussing how to use sentiment analysis to filter out bad words in translation. They discuss the possibility of using neural networks to train sentiment analysis. PERSON8 has experience with it, but it is a difficult task due to the subjectivity of the data. PERSON6 suggests using a competition for sentiment analysis, where people had to make models to detect tweets or sentences which were harmful in some ways.
