ELITR SurgeTech
Date: 10. 12. 2020
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON7], [PERSON9], [PERSON10], [PERSON26], [PERSON167], [PERSON168], [PERSON244]
Purpose of the meeting: progress updates, redistribution of tasks 

-  Progress on multi-source
-- Some experiments can finally be run, but there are still some issues. 
-- Testing is being done to make sure a new version of [PROJECT2] works. 
-- This will allow the team to decide which version of [PROJECT2] to use in the future.
-- Progress on [PROJECT179] is currently waiting for input from [ORGANIZATION5].
-- The information is due on Thursday, after which it should be done. 
-- There are worries whether [PROJECT179] is sufficiently multi-source, but it should be enough. 
-- Further progress on the multi-source aspect requires more data.
-- The document-level aspect and multi-language aspect of the project can be potentially combined.
-- It might be beneficial to redo the multi-source experiments in the future with more text-only data.
-- It is suggested that multi-source experiments with text data from [ORGANIZATION7] be done in near future.
-- Multi-source experiments with spoken data could be more useful, but the team lacks the resources to perform them.
-- A separate call is agreed upon by several participants for the following day.

- Redistribution of responsibilities
-- One of the team members is leaving.
-- His tasks will be redistributed among the rest of the team.
-- Before leaving, he will finish language model checking of ASR outputs.
-- The integration will be handled by other team members, which will require cooperation.
-- They will be in touch.

- Do it yourself integration
-- Team members should push for their work to be integrated into the pipeline. 
-- The pipeline should be made easily accessible to team members, so they would be able to test their work themselves.
-- One team member needs to do the testing locally because of bandwidth limitations. 

- Profanity filtering
-- The ASR suffers from spasm issues.
-- Two layers of profanity filtering should help with that

- Kaldi and domain adaptation responsibilities will also be shifted to other team members. 

- Multi-accented English 
-- One team member is currently trying to make ASR resistant to accents by preparing sentences consisting of words by different speakers. 
-- Other way of achieving this is to train ASR on disrupted inputs.

- Team members are asked to record their experiences form previous events.

- More team members need to be able to start the pipeline in case the ones that are able to are unavailable. 
-- The process of starting up the pipeline is currently too fragile. 
-- Better documentation would help.
-- One team member was trying to start the pipeline, but was ultimately unable to get it working.
-- Another team member was trying to consult on the issue. 
-- One of the workers in the pipeline has particularly complex structure.
-- The author of the worker is asked to simplify the setup process.
-- The worker in question has worse performance compared to alternatives.
-- The worker is still useful as a fallback, but when dealing with large numbers of languages it is rather slow, and thus unsuitable to live sessions. 
-- The team will start working on implementing a different worker.

- Sharing information via mailing lists is discussed, but ultimately, any communication method that suits the team members is fine. 

- A team member is working on shortening and extending models.
-- The main issue is that he is running out of storage space.
-- The solution is for him to simply ask for more space on one of the servers.

- One of the team members mentions a potential new team member. 
-- He should apply via email.

- There will be several additional separate calls.

- Two team members are working on a tool that would automatically generate ASRs, which would allow them to be easily evaluated. 

- There needs to be better planning for sessions. 
-- The team needs to make sure the team members that are needed are present, or at least know for sure they wonâ€™t be.  
-- Non-native accent is an important task.
-- Names and terminology need to be prepared for sessions beforehand. 
-- This should be done manually, but if possible also with automatic tools.

- Domain adaptation
-- Domain adaptation needs to be done for the session that is taking place next Monday. 
-- There is need for some tests which require transcripts from Monday meetings.
-- Domain adaptation cannot currently work for fully neural ASRs.
-- Running two different ASRs might be needed, with the non-neural one used for spotting keywords.

- Other tasks
-- The team is also considering having its own fully neural ASR.
-- Scraping [ORGANIZATION77] data is proposed, but the team lacks the resources to do so.
-- Working with outside individuals might be needed.

- Profanity filtering
-- There is need either for rather aggressive profanity filter or for a sentiment analysis tool. 
-- Sentiment analysis tool could utilize dataset from social media. 
-- There are models for this which were created as a part of a competition.
-- Any profanity would be simply removed and only present in logs. 
-- The team needs someone to work on it. 

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR32]
