Date: 18.5.2022
ğŸ‘¥ Attendees: PERSON2, PERSON16, PERSON19, PERSON6, PERSON9, PERSON11, PERSON17, PERSON14, PERSON8, PERSON4


ğŸ”· Running experiments on the same setup
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON19] is starting to run experiments on the same setup as the one [PERSON11] told him about
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON11] is waiting for the input from the organiser of [PROJECT2]. âŒ›

ğŸ”· Discussion of experiments
	ğŸ“… [PERSON11], [PERSON17] and [PERSON9] will have a separate call tomorrow afternoon to talk about experiments with the multi-source text.

ğŸ”· Integration of profanity filtering
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON17] wants to make sure the results are integrated so that he can integrate and test it himself
	ğŸ”¹ The profanity filtering was tested on logs, but now it's time to test it on the live pipelines


ğŸ”· Preparation of the upcoming Monday seminar
	ğŸ“… [PERSON17] wants to discuss with [PERSON9] the preparations for the upcoming Monday seminar


ğŸ”· Record the experience of training
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON17] wants everyone to record the experience of the training on disrupted inputs and on ASR and MT worker


ğŸ”· Making the configuration cleaner
	ğŸ’¬ [PERSON16] and PERS asks [PERSON17] to discuss how to make the configuration cleaner
	ğŸ”¹ PERS is not here at the moment


ğŸ”· technical issues with Project [PROJECT2].
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON6], [PERSON17] and [PERSON8] are having technical issues with Project PROJET2
	ğŸ”¹ It takes too long to train the shortening models


ğŸ”· Edit of rainbow models
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON8] will send [PERSON16] and [PERSON17] an email with the path to add rainbow models
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON6] is working on the shortening and extending models


ğŸ”· Call for joining the group
	ğŸ“… [PERSON6], [PERSON17] and [PERSON16] will have a call tomorrow at 2 pm
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON6] will be on the call
	ğŸ”¹ An Indian PhD student is interested in joining the group
	ğŸ“… The deadline is at the end of the year âš ï¸


ğŸ”· Automating ASR evaluation
	ğŸ’¬ [PERSON8] will have a call with [PERSON2] later to discuss automating the ASR evaluation


ğŸ”· Data adaptation and development of toolkit
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON17] and [PERSON8] are looking for someone to help with the immediate domain adaptation, the data crunching and the development of the toolkit.

ğŸ”· Working on artificial intelligence
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON17], [PERSON14] and [PERSON6] are working on a paper on artificial intelligence
	ğŸ”¹ They need a colleague or friend to help them with their research.

ğŸ”· Topic of sentiment analysis
	ğŸ’¬ [PERSON8], [PERSON14] and [PERSON6] discuss the topic of sentiment analysis


ğŸ”· Bachelor's thesis and the visa
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON14] and [PERSON17] haven't agreed on the bachelor's thesis for [PERSON14]'s student
	ğŸ”¹ [PERSON8]'s visa has been approved and he'll probably be in Prague in January


âœ Submitted by: Darbarer