Summary:

* The left speaker is to the right, according to PERSON6's calculations. 
  - Fact: The right speaker is next to the left speaker. 
* The left speaker should be to the centre. 
  -- Disc: The left speakers are next to each other. 
  - Disc: The right speakers are to the center. 
* There is a problem with the sound coming out of the speakers. It's not a problem now, but if someone wants to screen a film, the sound will go in the other direction. The problem can't be fixed, but can be fixed by changing the speaker's speakers. 
* PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON3, PERSON8, PERSON11 and PERSON14 are recording a meeting for the start of the project this week. 
  - Fact: They will probably meet with PERSON8 and maybe PERSON8 from LOCATION4. They will make a Skype call. 
* PERSON11 has a vacation on Thursday and Friday. PERSON6 has a deadline for today and can't meet it, because he told PERSON2 about it. He can do it on Monday or on Monday. 
* PERSON6 wants to write an official email to PERSON5 and send him a table of content of their book. 
  -- Fact: He will share his screen with PERSON7 so they can see the book they are working on together. 
  - Disc: It's about deep learning. 
* PERSON6, PERSON5 and PERSON7 are going to send the book to PERSON5 so that he can start searching for reviewers. 
* PERSON9 thinks they should send him the whole thing and just tell him how it's written. 
* PERSON6 and PERSON9 want to change some of the sections in chapter 6, like to the hidden states to put into previous section. 
  - Fact: They also have some visualisation. PERSON6 has a visualisation in another language and he wants to put it somewhere. 
* PERSON6 and PERSON9 are discussing the structure of the book they are writing. 
* They don't know whether to restructure it somewhere to have only one chapter or to have it as a part or as a chapter only. The parts have to contain chapters. 
* PERSON6 will send it to PERSON5 at the end of this week. He will send an email notification to inform that he is sending it. After that, they will discuss with the reviewers and who will be the reviewers for the project. 
* PERSON6 wants to have the book more or less written on at the end of June. He wants everyone to focus on the book b- because there will be many holidays in July. 
* He will not be here in the first and the third week of July. 
* There is a calling deadline on July the first. 
  - Disc: Nobody is planning to submit anything. 
* PERSON6 would like to submit the paper to PROJECT11, but the reviews were not very good and they haven't managed to resubmit it to any other conference. 
* PERSON9 and PERSON6 don't have a Google calendar for PROJECT2. 
  - Disc: They will put the holidays somewhere on the Wiki so that they know who is when and where to meet. It will be updated when it's updated in the Wiki, so they will see. 
* PERSON6 will be here from the second to the second week of July. On the third week, he will be away for the rest of the week. 
  - Fact: He will be back on the thirteenth and fourteenth. 
  - Disc: There will be beer at the organizing meeting on the 13th. 
* PERSON11 plans to be here at least till the fifteenth August. 
  - Fact: The Black box deadline is on the 15th. The week after is from 20th to 26th and the week after that is from 26th to 27th. Most of the deadlines shifted and nobody corrected them. 
* PERSON11 wants to send something to Black box, but hasn't written anything yet. 
  - Fact: If it's not accepted, it will be sent to PROJECT4. 
* If not, it'll be to PROJECT4. PERSON9 will try to update the Black box deadlines. 
* PERSON6 and PERSON9 will have a meeting on July 13th. 
  - Fact: They will meet at 11 am. After lunch they will meet on July 14th at the same time as the standard time. 
  - Disc: They are going to have a beer before the meeting. 
* PERSON6 wants to have a meeting in the middle of July. 
  - Fact: The next two Tuesdays there will be meetings at 11 as usual. There will be a meeting on the third, the next week of July and the third to the tenth of July from 6th to 10th July. 
  - Disc: If it's a three, there is a meeting. 
* PERSON6 is not sure whether he'll be here or not. He will be offline to <unintelligible>. 
  - Fact: On the thirteenth he will be back on the same time as PERSON3 and PERSON9. He can join them somewhere online. 
* PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON9 will probably not submit a paper to calling. 
* They will finish the writing and submit it by the end of June, if they have written it in good shape and it's publishable in two weeks. 
* PERSON7, PERSON6 and others need to set several deadlines. 
  - Disc: The first deadline is to stop adding new contents. The second deadline is for stopping adding comments to others' content and the third is for having all the comments at rest or deleted. 
* They need to discuss this in the middle of July. 
* PERSON6 wants to postpone the deadlines for the book until the end of January. He would like to submit the book officially at end of July. 
  - Disc: If they have to prove they weren't able to attend the conferences, they could use the money from the project for the first half of 2021. 
* PERSON6 wants to postpone the conference until the 31st of January, but without the financing all the finances must be spend. He will ask PERSON10 if he can postpone it. He wants to use the money for conferences next year. 
  - Fact: The organizer of the conference is moving to a different location. 
* PERSON6 and her partner will have all the papers they promised at the end of the year. 
  - Disc: The only thing they need to buy is the book and they have to spend all the money. They will buy the book. 
  - Disc: They have promised to do it. 
* The deadlines for the next meeting are June 30th, July 13th and July 30th. 
  - Disc: The next step is to stop adding new contents and stop adding comments. The meeting will take place in 13 days if the participants are on holidays. 
* PERSON6 is still working on the attention metrices and different patterns. 
  - Disc: The heat maps from PROJECT9 and PROJECT8 are not as sharp as the ones from PROJECT1. 
  - Fact: They were trained on the same data set as the one from PROJECT8, but the settings are different. 
* PERSON6 tested a neural machine translation and the results were bad. It might be an artifact of PROJECT1, because one of the heat maps looks slightly different. There are also something like balustrades in PROJECT9, so the distribution is not so focused. 
* PERSON3 thinks colors are negative sometimes. 
  - Fact: He used blue on white. 
  - Disc: On black colours are also negative. 
  - Fact: He has also used blue or white on black, but it was different. PERSON6 also has blue and white, but he has also blue and black. 
* PERSON6 spent a lot of time working on a chapter last week and still didn't finish it. 
* He will go through his chapter and explain the new content that needs to be added to it. 
  -- Disc: There is no table of contents in the viewer, so he can download it and open it in something else. 
* PERSON6 needs to review the first part of chapter five of the book. He also needs to add the figures, conclusions and tables about proportions on different attentions and self-attentions patterns. 
  - Disc: The categorization is almost done, but he wants to add some more details. 
* PERSON6 has almost finished a section about syntactic specific functions in attention heads. It will be written mainly by PERSON3 and he already has something for his paper. He will share it with PERSON6 or copy it to here. 
  - Disc: The section about the interpretability and whether it's inter-interpretingable or not is almost finished. 
* It needs to be rewritten. 
* The book is one hundred and thirty pages long and they still don't have anything. 
  - Disc: PERSON6 thinks it's better they don't write it like one hundred fifty-eight pages as it's OK for a book, but still doesn't have all the material. 
* PERSON11 has written a few paragraphs. 
  - Disc: He wants someone to comment on them so that they can work on them further. He would rather have perfect paragraphs at the parade of maybe one a week, maybe one in two weeks than one in one or two weeks. 
* PERSON11 will focus on visualisations of embeddings and comparing them with other visualisations. It shouldn't be too difficult to re-do the visualisations from Word2vec, according to PERSON7. 
  - Disc: The contribution of the book that PERSON11 will make will be about this topic. 
* PERSON11 won't be writing about the new generative language models because they are based on sub-words and embeddings are not interesting anymore. 
  -- Disc: He will mention them in one of his chapters, but he won't go into detail about them. 
  - Disc: He has questions about data. 
* PERSON11's work is almost there up to component analysis. Four point three is commentable, four point three, one and four point 3, 2 still need some work, 4 point 4 is mostly copied from elsewhere and he needs to go for it again. 4 point 5 will be just a note so it will disappear. 
* PERSON7 has a problem with his Word2vec file. 
  - Fact: He will go through the first two articles mentioned in chapter three and rewrite it to make it make sense. It's possible to do this manually by setting the section counter to minus one and then at the section it will probably get zero. 
* PERSON9 wants to share his screen with PERSON6 and PERSON11. 
  - Fact: If they switch to ORGANIZATION1, they will see each other's screen. 
  - Disc: in this case, it will be better for both people. 
* PERSON9 has restructured the section and needs to add more things to it to make it more readable for the reader. The things that are there should stay where they are, already, and the things that need to be added should be in the place they are. 
* PERSON9 wants to change the structure of the book. 
  -- Disc: He wants to make the introduction shorter and make it more clear. 
  - Disc: He also wants to replace the hidden states and contextual embeddings in the introduction. 
  - Disc: He will change the introduction as it doesn't make sense anymore. 
* The main contents of the chapter should be the section six point two. 
  -- Disc: "Who is better" is a very bad title of the section. 
* The title should be rewrittened. 
  - Disc: The contents should be there just written more nicely. 
* The chapter should contain several subsections, mostly the ones that are there already. 
* PERSON9 wants to change the way the text is structured according to the individual papers so it's not as coherent as it used to be. He also wants to add some more works that are not there yet, but they should probably be there in some form. 
* PERSON9 needs to add some more to the syntax section but there is already a lot of it. 
* He wants to move things from different parts of the chapter to one section and restructure it further. 
  - Fact: He is missing some of the key papers that find syntax in the section. 
* PERSON9 has a section called "Semantics". 
  - Disc: He doesn't know if he has the semantic roles there. He is looking for some suggestions. He found some things which he believes are semantics, but he's not sure about the division. 
  - Fact: He's still missing some papers which also look at some semantic stuff. 
* PERSON7 and PERSON9 are discussing the Winograd test. Noun gender is probably lexical semantics. The paper I read talks about it as semantics. Coreference resolution is part of the discourse theory in LOCATION3. The point of the test is to understand the meaning of the words. 
* PERSON9 is thinking about which is semantics and which is coreference. He would like to have multiple smaller subsections and just say coreference and it would be safer. 
  - Disc: It would be hard to choose because someone would say it's not semantics and it's something else. 
* PERSON6 has a discussion with PERSON3 whether part of speech (tags) are syntax or morphology. 
* He wants to split it into multiple smaller sections. 
  - Disc: It would be better for reading if it was split into three sections: syntax, morphology and semantics. 
* PERSON9 wants to keep the abstractions in a separate subsection. 
  -- Disc: He doesn't want <unintelligible. 
  - Fact: Morphology is usually the first layer, syntax is the deep layer and then layers below it. 
  - Disc: He wants a different view on the different layers. 
* PERSON9 and PERSON7 want to have a section on the context section of the text. 
  - Fact: They discuss whether it captures some abstractions or only captures word identity and context. 
  - Disc: The context section does do some high-level abstractions, but to some extent it's just the context and not the text itself. 
* PERSON9 is trying to work out the effect of pre-training task on what the representations capture after that. 
  - Fact: He has just one work now. 
* There are more works that looked OK, but he should re-train for language modelling. He thinks the last one should be two pages long. 
* PERSON9 has a list of papers that he wants to cover. 
  - Fact: He has not covered most of them yet. He might not cover all of them. 
  - Disc: Some of them are missing. The list is similar to a to-do list. Some sections will be cancelled. 
* PERSON9, PERSON7 and PERSON6 want to cover multilinguality. 
  - Disc: They don't know what to write about it. 
* They want to report on it somewhere. 
  -- Fact: The paper they submitted to PROJECT4 is still missing. 
* They submit it to the PROJECT4. 
* PERSON9 submitted a paper for PROJECT12. 
* PERSON6 would like to report some information from that paper to PERSON6. 
  -- Disc: PERSON9 doesn't know if it's from this paper or from the previous one, but it's definitely from the latter one. 
* PERSON9 is looking for someone to take over the section about the hidden states of multilinguals in PROJECT9. He doesn't know if anyone can do it. 
* He thinks they should put it into the chapter. 
  - Disc: The chapter is about multilingualism. 
* PERSON9, PERSON7 and PERSON6 don't know to what extend they can copy paste their paper here. They don't want to copy all the paper. 
* They want to leave out the technical details and put some nice images and some abstracts. 
* PERSON9, PERSON7 and PERSON6 want to put the related work from the paper together with the other works. The related work is self-plagiarism, but it doesn't matter. 
  - Fact: The first chapter of the paper is taken from the dissertation. 
  - Disc: It's in a stage where it should be reasonably easy to add the missing information to the table of contents and organize it into a readable way. 
* It should be ready on Thursday. 
* PERSON3 is writing a survey about syntax in neural networks. 
* He submitted abstracts and should have it ready next week. 
  - Disc: He doesn't want to send it to PROJECT10, because he doesn't know if they accept it. 
  - Disc: He thinks they will accept anything. 
* PERSON6 wants to share a survey visualisation with PERSON3 and PERSON9, but it's quite small and he doesn't know if he can turn it in in Overleaf. PERSON6 can hide the left corner. 
* PERSON3 has done 4 comparisons on the task of predicting part of speech. They are mostly language models and machine translation. 
  - Disc: The machine translation is better than the language model. Encoders are not that good to have the part speech encoded in them. They could be included in Belinnkovís. 
* PERSON3 wants to do a visualisation about transformers. He will talk to PERSON6 and PERSON9 about it. He wants to talk about the layers and the different parts of the layers that make up the layers. He would like to compare different parts. 
* PERSON6 and PERSON9 are discussing the visualisation and they agree that some of them are good, but some are not as many as they would have liked, but they agree they are good in general. The choice of visualisation is not as good as the others. 
* PERSON6 has to make sure that all the visualisations look at least similar. 
  - Disc: He will generate them as in, in, as PGF. If the text is OK, he will regenerate them, and if the format is OK he will print them. 
* PERSON7 explains how to set up the LaTeX format for deep learning images in a book repository on GitHub. He explains to PERSON9 how to save the image with PGF and the Python script that generates it. PERSON6 will update his scripts into his script. 
* PERSON6 and PERSON7 are going to discuss everything in person during the week. They have only two weeks to prepare the meeting. 
* They will update the meeting in two weeks time. PERSON6 and PERSON7 have to decide on the meeting soon. 

------ Note ------
*: A topic or important point of the discussion.
Fact: An objective statement.
Disc: A subjective discussion such as an opinion and claim.
-: An item related to the topic or point.
--: A supplemental or supporting statement for its previous sentence.
