PERSON6 and PERSON4 are discussing the TD ID for keyboard extractor in the minute group. PERSON6 has tried it for the minute which they did the dry run, but it gave horrible results for the same meeting. They decide to try Felix's TD ID of base summariser to see if it gives better results. They also discuss the TD RF based keyword extractor from C Uni.
PERSON6 and PERSON7 are discussing the summarization of meeting data. PERSON3 joins the conversation and explains that he was at lunch and the email was delayed. PERSON7 suggests that they pre-process the occurrances to remove sentences which are not relevant. PERSON3 suggests that the submission deadline for SIGDial should be PERSON4uary 15th and that they should know if they are accepted or not by February 15th. They also discuss the possibility of running a parallel session for a special session.
PERSON4 and PERSON3 are discussing the process for reviewing papers for a special issue of PBML. They discuss the possibility of creating a programm commiteee for the Interspeech special session, but PERSON3 is worried that the timing of the event is too bad. PERSON7 suggests that they should have at least four months of preparation time, and PERSON3 agrees that it would be easier to attract participants.
PERSON7 and PERSON3 are discussing the possibility of running a conference in Interspeech. PERSON4 and PERSON3 agree that the later time is more important for the event. PERSON3 explains that she has done five MT marathons and that the work for putting the program together was less of a problem because she knew the people who would come. PERSON7 suggests inviting the program committee from the summarisation committee and PERSON3 suggests that they could also create separate proceedings for SIGDial. They agree that if they do not get into IntersPeech, they will apply for SIG Dial.
PERSON7 and PERSON3 are discussing the ORGANIZATION7 membership. They decide to apply for the student membership, which costs two hundred fourty euros for one year. They also discuss the institutional member package, which is for five researchers and two students.
PERSON3 and PERSON7 discuss the possibility of a reduced fee for the Interspeech conference. They decide to ask PERSON1 at ORGANIZATION5 for an estimate of how many people could take part in the conference. PERSON7 suggests contacting PERSON5 at PTAL email at privetly to ask for preferred membership for the department. PERSON3 suggests that the ORGANIZATION7 membership is sufficient for the SIGDial application. They also discuss the best way to prepare the website for the project and the best page for the ORGANIZATION5 project.
PERSON7 and PERSON6 are discussing the outputs of the extraction of key words that PERSON6 ran. PERSON6 has not seen the PERSON8 outputs yet, but PERSON3 has opened them and PERSON6 will try to run the code on his data to see if it is decent. PERSON6 will contact PERSON8 if he has run it on their data. PERSON6 also mentions that the most frequent words from the meeting data are probably fetched by lexical methods. PERSON3 then asks if PERSON6 has made any changes to the evaluation document and PERSON6 confirms that he has.
PERSON3 and PERSON4 are discussing the anonymization of the data for the second round of consents. They need to have the data available in PERSON4uary and all the data that they want available in March in order to show it to the people. PERSON7 has shared the evaluation metrics that was run on one of their dry run minuting data and PERSON3 suggests that they can consider any of them gold standard. PERSON6 suggests that the gold standard for the training set could be a multi-source meeting, but PERSON7 is not sure if they can choose one.
PERSON3 and PERSON7 are discussing the summarization methods PERSON6 has implemented and the evaluation of two other meetings. PERSON6 explains that she used to use nano, but now she uses VIM as it reveals more information about the text files than nano. PERSON7 explains that they are currently also doing the same evaluation and plans to put all three in one doc by the weekend. PERSON6 then asks if she can close the meeting in nano and open it in VI or VIM.
PERSON6 and PERSON3 are discussing the ORGANIZATION3 paper. PERSON3 suggests that PERSON6 contact the authors of the paper and send them an email to test his system on their summaries. PERSON3 explains that it is common to learn a lot from replicating someone's paper when someone replicates it and to get a better score by finding bugs in the code. He also suggests sending the data to the project internal people and inviting them for the shared task.
PERSON3 and PERSON4 are discussing the timeline for the data preparation with PERSON10 and PERSON7. They agree to make a timeline and discuss the steps for anonymising the data with PERSON7 and PERSON10. They decide not to release all the alignments for the release, as they are less important for the PERSON4uary and March release. PERSON4 then disappears from the conversation.
