(PERSON13) can hear [PERSON6] guys properly but lower clear, but - Well [PION21] is guess (PERSON13) don't know what, another-language> Was he. in second.
And there is a good point,, of participants the meeting will send [PERSON13) a link to google form where (PERSON13, agree what this to be used and there (PONT1) can specify the limitwhat would like this-which (SERSON1) require to be surge, to be followed before the data is released.
[PERSON13] is talking too fast (PERSON13) guessand microphone is not perfect.
[ORGANIZATION1] [PERSON3] [PONT3] [PION2] [ORG] [PSON3] [ORGINIZATION4][PERSON13] [PONS3] [SPEECH] [EMAIL] [ORGG] [PLIENT3] [PLINT3] [EMPLOYEE] [PREFERRED] [PATENTIAL] [PROGRESS]] [SELECTION]
The next thing, that (PERSON13) spent last week, like the weekends preparing transcript for the Monday seminar.
[PERSON13] lost some [PION1] do not do that.
[PERSON3] successfully managed to run these models and he is developing.
And (PERSON13) is trying to do [PERSON13 r part and [PASTER1], is downloading all plenary session from [PION9] r parliament since July 2018.
(PERSON13)'s main project, until 6th of March is ist is multi-source spoken language translation research.
[PERSON11] have described, can very much help that because all the data that (PERSON13) have gathered, would be used to retrain the ASR models.
(PERSON13) are on the call or not?
[PERSON4] mentioned, these can be used for all the models, that the participants the meeting are training ourselves and which also like talk to others [ORGANIZATION8] to train their models better.
The participants of meeting can connect JASPER and Kaldi of mediator to mediator.
And this week, (PERSON13) was working on the [PROJECT1] thing.
[PERSON8] is not given any updates that like efficiency of that.
[PERSON8], can (PERSON13) tell us how - If (PERSON13) manage to test the compression, that hopefully was somehow proposed by [POSTER23].
[PERSON9] has changed the the compression, and but (PERSON13) am - (CERSON1) was unable - (PERSON13) didn't find time to deal it with the curren (PERSON13)'s current pipeline.
[PERSON9] could connect to the mediator and test it test it himself.
(PERSON13) is going to take the Monday seminar revised transcript and the participants of the meeting can take that as a test set, of which the participants the meeting could do as uncompressed and check the word error rate, and of the participants meeting can do a compressed pipeline and again check the Word error rate and let's see, how it goes,
[PERSON9] would like to see the evaluation in two ways.
[PERSON13] think : compression is not really effecting ASR output that should be a really good thing.
(PERSON13) meant in the list of wanted things.
(PERSON13) know, into the end yesterday maybe no one working on because the participants the meeting had a problem of segmentation.
And the shared task, that the participants the meeting are running at [IWSLT is directly aimed to help [PROJECT2] in the [ORGANIZATION1] Congress.
[PERSON8] is in India until end of January, is arriving in early February.
Just the participants of the meeting have some intermediate data to test their framework, and it's their papers [PERSON8] before that.
[PERSON2] and all of?
(PERSON13) have already shared with [PERSON5] and [PASTER5], [POSTER23] and [1PERSON2] to.
other_unrecognisable speech=""> [PERSON13].
[PERSON13]: "I don't want to send it by plain mail because (PERSON13) also didn't receive it."
(PERSON13) is scanning the websites..
(PERSON13) have also searched the parallel data that [PERSON13] ignored the because most of the data is available of the other six languages.
Meeting participants need to download all the PDF documents.
[PERSON12] need to convert all the many file formats, especially PDFs that are hard to process.