DATE : 2021-07-16
ATTENDEES : PERSON9, PERSON10, PERSON4


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON4 and PERSON9 were about to join the meeting, but PERSON7 stopped to prepare the data.
 -PERSON4 will finish the annotation herself as the annotator has stopped.
  The second round of annotation needs to be done at the level of the type level.
  The agenda is in the master document.
  The last meeting is from the middle of December.
 -PERSON10 made a copy of his document.
  He wants the name to be more descriptive.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 are doing the annotation of documents.
  If PERSON7 is not available, they will have to do it without him.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON10 are critical of the quality of the program.
  There are a lot of typos and most of the output is not a named entity.
  The program does not include all the words beginning from cPROJECT4tal.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 discuss coreferencing, co-ordinating of chains, including, the identity of, the individual speakers.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4, PERSON7 and PERSON9 are working on deidentifying the corpus.
 -PERSON14 started working on deidentification from the beginning of January.
  She needs to read the regulations and decide what should be anonymised.
  She has to delete the names of languages.
  She also needs to align the transcript and the minutes.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 agree on a timeline for the removal of personal data and the deidentification of data.
  They need to discuss the consent forms with PERSON14.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 are working on two consent forms, one for working with data and one for publishing it.
 -PERSON10 proposes to forget about the first phase of the project and focus on the second phase only once the corpus is finished and released.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 will prepare a prerelease of the corpus.
  They will collect the names of the participants from the meeting minutes.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON9 discuss how to prepare personalised emails for participants of the task.
 -PERSON10, PERSON9 and PERSON4 are discussing the timeline for the deidentification and consenting of the participants.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 are discussing the creation of the Scientific Committee.
  They are unsure if they should invite all the PhD students to the committee.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4 and PERSON9 have to prepare the text for an email to prospective members of the scientific committee.
  They need to have the list for the application.
  Some PhD students don't have it online.
 -People need to put their names and e-mail addresses PERSON10, PERSON4, and PERSON9 need to submit the proposal within the January 7th or 8th.
  They need to make several copies of the invitation e-mail.
 -PERSON10 wants to cancel some of the names in the ORGANIZATION9 document.
 -PERSON4 PERSON10 and PERSON4 are going to take part in the call as soon as she answers the short questions.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4, and PERSON9 are going to send the proposal to ORGANIZATION7 on January 10th, and on January 15th, they should be sending it to ORGNOVATION9.
 -PERSON4 wants PERSON10 and PERSON9 to send three prepared letters in English to his three Russian candidates.


Minuted by: Team ABC