(PERSON10) no, i think no.
this proposal isn't important.
it doesn't have sense to to discuss summarization.
(PERSON4) i think we can drop.
(PERSON9) i'm really worried about [PERSON7] if he can actually help us or not..
the annotator has stopped.
he just didn't finish the annotation.
john sutter will open the agenda and send you the link so we can write it down.
sutter says he doesn't understand what he's talking about..
i'm saying that this, uh, uh, the process, is documented to the finest level.
i'm not saying that the distinct decisions are made to the finest level.
but we always must be sure about the fact, whether someone has processed this or not..
PERSON7 has made the annotations to the same file, and that he wanted to name it.
he asked him to make a copy of his document not to delete the lists.
the process of the named entity removal has to be very clean, and we have to know at what stage of this process we are..
a word type is the word as it appears in the dictionary.
a word token is a particular instance of the word in a running text.
if [PERSON7] is not available, that will be like seriously in need off..
the typos in named entities are mainly because the people do, the annotators not knowing the correct spelling.
if martin creates this list, it would not suspect all beginnings of words to be named entities.
(PERSON10) the multi word ones are also a problem.
(PERSON4) yes.
and they are connected..
lz granderson: if you have world war ii, you will have three words.
granderson: we can ignore the identity or tracing of the identity of projects.
he says there will be a lot of gaps in this type of output, but it's for the sake of time.
granderson: i think it's important to know who said what and when someone referred to someone else..
lz granderson: we can afford to ignore this type of chaining.
but we should not ignore it for speakers and, uh, for persons referred to, he says.
lz: we don't have to discuss whether this is the same jane or different jane..
i'm not like so worried that i could de-identify this corpus.
if i could lock myself in a sanctuary for a week, then i think it's doable.
but it has to be a skilled person in in this, ah, like text processing.
i'm happy to do errors in the second part, but i would be very unhappy to do errors in the first part..
i would be very happy if we left english, german, czech and don't mix it up.
the identification has to be done on both, of course.
(PERSON4) leave english, german, czech and don't mix it up.
(PERSON9) so a document is either the transcript or any minute version for that particular meeting..
the key word indeed is the personal data.
all person's data must be removed.
the data set needs to be free of personal data.
there will be a secondary or tertiary or final annotation stage..
two consent forms have been created, one for publishing and the other for publishing.
people who haven't signed those consent forms are not able to give us their consent.
if they give us their consent now, we'll publish the data in the de-identified form..
i'm a little bit lost in what should be done for the whole year.
ideally every person would have all the meetings that he was taking part in.
it would be leady this de-identified, but he would know the content..
cnn's john defterios has created a web page to extract meta data from meetings.
he says it's a pre-release of the corpus.
he says it's a matter of putting it in a directory, wrapping it in a html uh.
defterios: i think this is like a pre-release of the corpus..
cnn's john sutter talks to cnn's john sutter on personalised emails.
sutter: i think it's doable.
it's kind of mail merge.
we should ask people for bug reports, so this is a big value..
i think it's doable for us in those kind of two months to have almost finished the de-identification.
two months for us and then one month for them to answer.
so they would answer within a week.
and we would have three weeks to finish it..
the data de-identification consent from participants should be done by february.
i think that we will have the data at the end of february, and they should then do the consent.
i think that [PERSON4] will be finished with the work type level annotation in two days..
PERSON9 has created a lot of different things during christmas holidays.
he is unsure if we should invite all of these people to the scientific committee.
he thinks it's at least phd students.
(PERSON9) if they are participating, so they could also be the potential reviewer..
i'm now on the [ORGANIZATION9]sheet, uh, that you will created.
i'm in the scientific committee.
scientific committee, so that we have the same language.
for this work better, the more personal we write it, uh, the better..
cnn's john defterios asks if we should submit a proposal in january.
he asks if we can have a scientific committee in ten days.
defterios says he wants to send a list of people he wants to contact..
i'm happy to ask ian unintelligible> if he would either himself be agree or have someone else to to suggest.
(PERSON10) yeah, it is like, yeah okay.
(PERSON9) so let's cut it short, uh, now.
(PERSON10) yeah, it is like, yeah okay.
(PERSON9) yeah, we should send this proposal to [ORGANIZATION7].
and uh january 15th, we should be sending this proposal to [organiz.
(PERSON10) mhm.
(PERSON4) i think it would be better if you sent it to my candidates.
(PERSON10) mhm.
(PERSON4) as the leader of the [PROJECT1] committee.
(PERSON10) mhm.
(PERSON4) i think it's be better, i think it's better in english..
