[PROJECT1] meeting 24.06.2020
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON13], [PERSON9], [PERSON11], [PERSON5]
Purpose of meeting: Discussing 

Summary
• one credential for all people participating in the workshop
• need of combining the common prefix
• failed streaming slide from notebook and desktop pc
• missing interpreters
• putting segmentation only in one place
• delay in the admin interface about workers
• discussing about session ID to restart idle workers
• session ID implemented in the log file
		Milestones
		• test run (24-25.06.2019)



Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
