Bergamot regular meeting
Date: 2021-01-11
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON3, [PERSON4], [PERSON5]
Purpose of meeting: Progress report


- [PERSON1] and [PERSON2] discuss recent progress on ACL paper.

- [PERSON1] points out the automatic metrics seems not to be sufficient to evaluate the performance system (it performs too good).
- More challegning experiments are discussed by [PERSON1], [PERSON2] and [PERSON3]. 

- The available test set does not contain enough less common and rare words, there is a need for bilingual vocabulary and additional sources for system training.
--[PERSON3] is requested to provide more data for Portugese language model
---[PERSON7](not attending the meeting) is expected to deliver additional training data
---Options to find bilingual texts are being discussed, namely to search for aricles and texbooks, check university repositories for master theses and additional sources of terminology words.

- [PERSON1] Proposed training of the system on different style of speech/writing (colloquial, male vs. female, scientific vs. non-scientific)
-- The only available model of style transfer was regarding simplification or generalization of the text.
- Sub-part of elitr test set will be created to cover language style specifics, such as gender transformations.

- [PERSON4] showed how to search for named entities in the available bilingual dataset.
-- Some manual work will be necessary to compare the outputs with those listed in there.
- This might give an overview what are the common problems with terminology and make a basis for markable(?) experiments
- Examples of related mistranslated words are mentioned (tenant vs lessee) and quality of writted audits is being discussed
- For further work, [PERSON2] will proceed with WMT elitr dataset for spoken language and (sao? domain for written texts
- Specific terms evaluation will be performed by [PERSON5] based on WMT testsuite markables.

- [PERSON1] briefly mention the opportunity to multi source, however other people involved in this are busy, thus compatibility of their implementation will be asssessed later

Minutes submited by: Karel Skoch


[PERSON1]=(bez obrazu)
[PERSON2]=(s maskou, mozna Josef)
[PERSON3]=(Portugalec-Joao?)
[PERSON4]= Ondrej Bojar
[PERSON5]=Vilem?

[PERSON7]= Lucia (not attending the meeting)
