Project updates 
Date: January 2021  
Attendees: [PERSON13], [PERSON3], [PERSON16], [PERSON8], [PERSON15], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON2]
Purpose of meeting: discussing various updates: [PROJECT12] demo paper, evaluations, experiments, [PROJECT7]
 
- General updates.
-- Yesterday the session was disastrous: bad recognition and slow.
--- [PERSON13] asked [PERSON16] and [PERSON3] to debug, also get in touch with [PERSON9] about it.
--- The slowness happened because [PERSON16] wasn't connected into one of the machines. But this has no influence on recognition quality.
-- [PERSON3] added some files to [PROJECT12] test set.
--- [PERSON16] was asked to evaluate them: priority!

- [PERSON16]'s updates. 
-- Had a call with [PERSON12] yesterday.
-- Right now working on solving the problem of files that were too big to get uploaded to [PROJECT3].
--- Maybe will upload them as a link only.
-- Haven't heard from [PERSON4] if [ORGANIZATION1] server is up again or not. 
-- [PERSON13] reminds [PERSON16] to be in touch with [PERSON4] also about the extended set of target languages. 
-- [PERSON16] is also in touch with [PERSON14] about the text files.
--- [PERSON14] has set up [PROJECT4] by now. 
---- [PERSON13] says that we primarily need [PERSON14] to collect the domain specific text data. 
---- [PERSON13] clarifies that we are not interested in the [PROJECT13] Archive (interview with survivors of WW II), but in the historians' analyses and presentations. 
---- For the data, [PERSON14] should scan in breadth, rather than in depth.
---- People who have experience with [PROJECT4] should work with it instead of [PERSON14]. 
---- But [PROJECT4] is definitely useful in the long term.

- [PERSON13]'s updates.
-- Struggling with [ORGANIZATION6] demo papers, due tomorrow. 

- [PROJECT12] demo paper.
-- [PERSON15] should revise the [PROJECT12] demo paper and look at the reviews.
--- The reviews are not that positive: they don't like the paper, it has 'little impact'. 

- The experiments.
-- [PROJECT14] quality is very bad for all remotely handled sessions, especially if people wear face masks. 
-- Ideas for improvement.
--- Pass training data through [PROJECT8] in an automated way so that the data gets distorted.
--- Use a frequency filter to cut down on the high frequencies (this mimics what face masks do). 
--- Then it will be retrained by us or [ORGANIZATION2] (their system is online & fully integrated).
-- [PERSON13] will do that ([PERSON16] offered, but the priority for him is to work on evaluations). 

- [PERSON15]'s updates.
-- Working on data preparation of [ORGANIZATION5] corpus. 
-- Running the first alignments.
-- Will rerun the alignments of source and targets of the interpreters and analyze them.
-- Will write a paper with [PERSON5], who is currently busy with exams. 

- To do for [PERSON7].
-- Get in touch with [PERSON8] and process all the training data.
--- We need English on 25/1, Czech later: in February.

- [PERSON7]'s updates.
-- [PERSON7] summarizes the process of preparing pipeline / pipeline configuration tool. 
--- For every event, the pipeline is made a different way.
--- Pipeline consists of [PROJECT14], [PROJECT1] and online subtitles. 
--- [PERSON7] is writing a tool that will allow an operator to define all the components of a pipeline and how they are connected.
--- [PERSON13] suggested one more compilation target: probing if the pipeline components are up and running ('a test of availability', 'live debugging').
---- [PERSON7] will do that. 
-- Next Friday a [PROJECT13] conference, we will provide life subtitles and transcription.
--- We will need to get feedback about what's (not) working.
---- [PERSON7] to get in touch with [PERSON18] about that.

- [PERSON8]'s updates. 
-- Currently aligning the training data, building a more robust [PROJECT14].
-- Struggling to optimize the pipeline. 
-- [PERSON8] should talk to [PERSON19] about her [PROJECT5] tool and how they will be paid.

- [PERSON13] discussing alignment issues in German/English in [PROJECT7] with [PERSON6] and [PERSON2]. 
-- [PERSON6] will check and correct the progressive maximum, increase the numbers.
-- [PERSON13] discovered a mistake in the segmentation strategies: they are not proportional.
--- [PERSON6] will double check.
-- [PERSON13] will give access to [PERSON2]'s [PROJECT3] account to the [PROJECT12] test set.

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
