MEETING MINUTES
Organisation: [ORGANIZATION4], [ORGANIZATION3], [ORGANIZATION9]
Meeting Name: [PROJECT12] Surge Tech
Meeting Date: 14.01.2021
Meeting Topic:  Two part meeting: general progress catch-up, recording session performance assessment and workload distribution.
Special time allocated to the calculation formulas related to [PROJECT12] demo submission. 
Meeting Participants: [PERSON3], [PERSON8], [PERSON13], [PERSON16], [PERSON15], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON2]
Main topics of discussion:
Latest recording session assessment:
•	generally substandard system performance.
•	system very slow with low recognition rate.
        Lessons learned:
•	slowness can be remedied by the operator being logged into one of the machines.
•	reasons for low recognition need to be investigate further.

[PROJECT12] test set data preparation and evaluation
•	Proportion of [PROJECT12] test set still awaiting evaluation.
•	Some files are too big to be uploaded to [PROJECT3] and solution needs to be found.
•	Generally vast amount of data is needed therefore adequate storage space needs to be allocated.
•	[PERSON12]’s version of domain system adaptation needs to be made accessible.
•	Extension of target languages was identified as prerogative.
•	Team is waiting to gain an access to the large databases for model training data          (professional paid subscription is required – [PROJECT13] , [ORGANIZATION10]).
•	[PROJECT12] demo paper has received reviews and these were allocated for revision.
Multilingual subtitling experiment
•	[PROJECT14] quality for remotely handled session has substandard results, aggravated in cases where speech is obstructed my face masks.
•	As a possible solution it was suggested to pass the training data through the [PROJECT8] and similar platforms to simulate the data distortion.
•	[ORGANIZATION5]corpus preparation is in progress, first alignments are run.
•	Czech data is required on January 25th, English data in February.
Pipeline Configuration Tool
•	This will allow the operator to define the components of the pipeline and how they are connected.
•	The aim is to deliver tailored solution for specific needs of each event.
•	Tool to have an added check to verify that all parts of the pipeline are up and running.
•	Pipeline can be defined as an abstract graph.
[PROJECT13] Conference:
•	Non-native speakers.
•	Live subtitles and transcription.
•	Aim is to collect live feedback as well.
•	Description of how to use the tool and how to look ay the output have not yet been written.
Shortening [PROJECT1] tool:
•	Has been successfully devised for English to Czech.
•	Makes output about 80% of the original input length.
•	Bleu scores lower but reasonable.
•	Request was made to evaluate all currently available systems.
“Chopped” training tool:
•	Uses external text resources.
•	Cuts entire recording to words.
•	Models are creating implicit language within.
•	Obstacles faced in pipeline optimisation due to standard training pipeline slowness.
•	Possible solution is to run the cluster of constantly rewriting new versions of text.
•	Nemo network could be used.
[ORGANIZATION7] demo submission paper:
•	Really urgent as deadline for submission is 15th January 2021. All amendment to be done the same day.
•	Several modifications to the calculation formula are required.
•	Formula description in the paper needs to be shortened and simplified, clearly explaining the equidistant split of the time into words based on their length.
•	Calculations are based on interval C, maximisation process runs between files with and without alignment.
•	Alignment of content bearing word parts needs attention due to grammar rules in different languages (English vs German).
•	Proportional positioning might be an issue.
•	Decision made that on aligned files maximisation should follow the linear progression.
•	There should be no loss due to a delay.



Minutes submitted by: ANNOTATOR 13
