12. European code of conduct on arms exports (debate)

Council and Commission statements: European code of conduct on arms exports

Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) and Benita Ferrero-
Waldner (Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Urszula Gacek, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Ana
Maria Gomes, on behalf of the PSE Group, Fiona Hall, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Ral Romeva i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Tobias
Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Janez Lenar?i?.

Motions for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):
- Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the EU Code of
Conduct on Arms Transfers - failure of the Council to adopt the Common
Position and transform the Code into a legally binding instrument (B6-
0063/2008),

- Ral Romeva i Rueda and Angelika Beer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
on the EU Code of Conduct on Arms Transfers - failure of the Council to
adopt the Common Position and transform the Code into a legally binding
instrument (B6-0064/2008),

- Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Stefano Zappal and Karl von
Wogau, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the EU Code of Conduct on Arms
Transfers - failure of the Council to adopt the common position and
transform the Code into a legally binding instrument (B6-0065/2008),

- ?irts Valdis Kristovskis, Brian Crowley, Ryszard Czarnecki and Adam
Bielan, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the EU Code of Conduct on arms
transfers - failure of the Council to adopt the Common Position and
transform the Code into a legally binding instrument (B6-0070/2008),

- Tobias Pflger, Willy Meyer Pleite and Vittorio Agnoletto, on behalf of
the GUE/NGL Group, on the EU Code of Conduct on Arms Transfers - failure of
the Council to adopt the Common Position and transform the Code into a
legally binding instrument (B6-0074/2008),

- Ana Maria Gomes, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the EU Code of Conduct on
Arms Transfers - failure of the Council to adopt the Common Position and
transform the Code into a legally binding instrument (B6-0109/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 13.03.2008, item 4.6.

