ELITR SurgeTech
Date: May 11, 2020
Attendees: [PERSON2], [PERSON7], [PERSON3], [PERSON11], [PERSON14], [PERSON8],[PERSON15], [PERSON4], [PERSON10]
Purpose of meeting: Synchronizing the group, checking the progress of work

-Introduction.
--Explaining delay.
--Presenting the goal of the call which is to synchronize the group and check the progress of work.
--Remarks regarding recording were made.
--Warning about [ORGANIZATION7] conference- it will be an important test event and it is necessary to get ready for it.

-[PERSON11] presentation as he was the most remote for a while.
--First thing he has been working on is paraphrasing.
---He was collecting the monolingual data using [ORGANIZATION10].
----It has some limitations.
--[ORGANIZATION6] was discussed.
--[ORGANIZATION15] releases some data which could be used for the trained models.
--The monolingual data for domain adaptation are needed.

-Testing evaluation using [PROJECT5] test set and [PROJECT2].
--Who is now responsible for the ELITR test set?

-The status of [PROJECT2] [PROJECT5] test set.
--The [PROJECT2] is completely finished.
---It should be the standard evaluation tool, not just for the [PROJECT5]project, but also for others doing a spoken language translation.
---Everybody who is evaluating something should get in touch with [PERSON8] to find a way in which this tool will work for all of them.
---Everybody evaluating any systems should make sure to evaluate them using [PROJECT2] on [PROJECT5] test set.

-Planning the meeting of two participants of the call.

-[PERSON14] is lost due to lectures.
--He should contact [PERSON10].

-Censorship component was discussed.
--It should be one part of the pipeline after the [PROJECT4].
--The goal of this censorship tool is to allow to immediately hide the outputs and then show them again.
--[PERSON12], [PERSON14], [PERSON10] AND [PERSON15]should have separate call.

-[PERSON4] work was discussed.
--He has worked on multi-target machine translation for his master thesis.
--His task was so far to generate synthetic multi-source train set, but he does not have the cluster access.

-[PERSON7] work was discussed- the data augmentation.

-Recommendation for all was made-first try everything on small data set.

-[PERSON7] and [PERSON15] discussing chopped data.
--[ORGANIZATION11] Common voice is used.
--Can data from [ORGANIZATION14] challenge be used?







Minutes submitted by Dagmar Kleinov√°











