Virtual coffee hours meeting 144
Date: 06. 01. 2021
Attendees: [PERSON4], [PERSON1], [PERSON9], [PERSON7]
Purpose of meeting: De-identification procedure, [PROJECT3] submission

-Added information:
--[PERSON1] is going to contact [PERSON5].
--There could be another short call tomorrow.

-Current situation:
--It's difficult to get everybody into Prague now.
--There is another person needed.
--The annotators can't automate their work since they don't have the programming skills.

-Members' important information:
--[PERSON7] will be moving to Canada.
--[PERSON9] has to come to Prague to sign contract papers.
--[PERSON7]'s semester has already started.
--[PERSON7] has a reference letter that needs to be filled in.

-Student-made tool:
--He's writing a thesis.
--The goal is developing a tool that would help the annotations.
--It won't carry out the annotations, nor polish the data.
--It won't manage the de-identification.
--Suggestions are welcome.
--He won't handle the data.
--He is also payed by another company that also wants this tool.
--It wouldn't be a good idea to employ him on the project due to lack of his time.

-Needed tasks:
--Preparing the files for annotators.
--Insertion of the annotations into the dataset.
--Polishing the data (into valid XML).
--Insertion both at the type level and the token level.
--Final removal of the original content.
--It's possible to try to reach out to another faculty for the needed person.
--Exporting the indicators and put them into a clean XML format.
--Preparing a test document.

-De-identification information:
--It's okay to have uncertain decisions about named entities in the data.
--It's not allowed to be uncertain about the status of the process.
--The XML markup has to be absolutely clear about the stages of the processing.

-De-identification procedure ideas:
--Annotators could bold what is the named entity and italicise what isn't.
--The things to annotate would be highlighted in yellow.
--It would be good if they could see the type level annotation as well.
--The list would be applied to all the documents, using color-coding.
--All the files would be in HTML.
--Annotators would open the HTML in a text editor (Microsoft Word or LibreOffice).
--There would also be sentence numbers/IDs.
--It's probably better to present the full documents.
--Individual sentences aren't be sufficient.

-Communication with the annotators:
--It's easier to send the files.
--The Google Docs is another possible option.
--It would be needed to divide access to different files for certain people when using Google Docs.

-Webpage for the Scientific Committee:
--The website is on the [PROJECT1] GitHub.
--The changes will automatically appear on the web.

-[PROJECT3] proposal:
--The plan is to host the [PROJECT3] in some conference.
--Possible conferences are [PROJECT2] or [ORGANIZATION2].
--It would be good to prepare a demo of just one document.
--All the data needs to be processed by February.
--Once the website is reviewed, it should be okay to send the [PROJECT2] proposal.


Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
