(PERSON3): I hope that everybody's fine with recording this meeting, eh, yes. (PERSON3): I'll try to share my screen, because I was given the presentation options, so probably you see my screen now? (PERSON3): Ehm, so I don't know, how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards, but just promise some sensible number of person months, that you could indeed claim, that you have worked on project, and definitely, it should tasks you want to do within the scope eh, of the project, so just like (broadcasters) further within [ORGANIZATION4]. (PERSON3): So then the, eh the speech to speech translation is something that eh [ORGANIZATION6] doesn't want to have in the eh, like they don't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the, eh remote conference calls. (PERSON3): I think that we'll just make sure that in the project, there is no promise on this, and eh eh with [ORGANIZATION2], this makes the situation easier, because you would only eh make sure that the platform <unintelligible> produces subtitles and sends them to to [ORGANIZATION6]. (PERSON3): Yeah, eh, I just wanted to confirm that I also think that it actually makes the information harder to digest eh. (PERSON3): And eh, in the plenary session, there is the single speech given by the speaker, and then possibly some some questions, and we'll try to connect to the (interpretors) eh and eh and eh transcribe their voices, and or directly the main one eh and then eh, this will be shipping the subtitles to somewhere. (PERSON3): And I think, that the [ORGANIZATION6] should be in, like present at the at the conference at the the [ORGANIZATION9] congress for dissemination purposes, because there will be also the eh meetings eh done remotely among the [ORGANIZATION4] delivery SAI institute. <other_sigh> </parallel_talk>

(PERSON3): Yea, so simply,  [PERSON1] will create a task in the work package 7 in the integration, and this task should have some like many more person month by [ORGANIZATION2], because they need to develop this. (PERSON3): Thank you, so now let's move to the next eh, item in the agenda, and there's the task and the task and (deliverables) related to the [ORGANIZATION9] congress, and other [ORGANIZATION4] events, and this is something, that would like to just clarify how I see it, and make sure that you you see it similarly. (PERSON1): I think but at least one event per project (a) year should be very important. (PERSON3): In the second year, there definitely should be the main congress, and then eh maybe one more in the same second year, or eh like two in the third year. (PERSON3): So I would eh ask eh [ORGANIZATION4], if it seems reasonable to have one dry-run, one main congress and then two follow up workshops. (PERSON2): But also, you reminded me an important thing: I need to also ask about the way the follow up thing will work. (PERSON3): The congress with the plenary sessions is something too to show off, but the eh the workshops are eh, like more practical, I would say. (PERSON3): So, eh so the then this task should be planned for the all the three years, like ehh, maybe starting at month 7, because nothing could happen earlier, but running until the end without any specific dates, right? (PERSON3): So I understand that the [ORGANIZATION2]  would like [OTHER2]. (PERSON3): And at the same time, we need to justify eh this additional resources for [OTHER2]. (PERSON1): And also [ORGANIZATION2] is active in the ASR field and provide ASR for not only for [OTHER2] language but but for thirty language, currently. <laugh>

(PERSON2): But what to do is probably for you to decide to talk about it in this way anyway. Speaker adaptation is done essentially how you described, usually. Because the (ability) to record the forty hours of speech is

(PERSON3): That's a lot of work. And also (obviously) eh the more the data the (most) effect that the adaptation has. (PERSON3): And then, for [OTHER4], eh we, as [ORGANIZATION3] would have like to get hold of two of them and each of them eh this this re-speakers could be, may be asked to do more, maybe up to five hours per per re-speaker. (PERSON3): Now i heard, that the main conferences is four days, right? (PERSON3): So this is here is a formula that eh <parallel_talk> it doesn't really work eh </parallel_talk>. (PERSON1): I have lost you on <unintelligible>

<other_noise>

(PERSON1): Eh (believing), okay? (PERSON3): So, i was just saying, that for the recording, you have only the person and the device, and then, for the usage of this recording for the actual model adaptation, you need to have the the baseline acoustic model and I assume, that for [OTHER4], this will be given to to or provided eh to the project by [ORGANIZATION5] or [ORGANIZATION1], or possibly (even) [ORGANIZATION2]. We we will try to create our own, but we are still starting with this, so i don't expect that we'll be able to to have eh like the best perform models ourselves. (PERSON3): I'm like getting the numbers right now and put them into proposal a to create the baseline acoustic model. (PERSON3): I think this is, that in the proposal, that we should write that this will happen at the dry-run, but we may want to have like more such re-speaking sessions eh as well. (PERSON3): So for [OTHER2] and for the other languages: eh, can you please populate this table eh as i said this is for us, eh, so eh the idea is, that we will eh like this this table, the upper parts eh in on this sheet do the add ups so this, the blue one adds the hours eh by the different languages that we want to record, and the red sub-table summarises these person-months by a partner. (PERSON1): Ehm let me say, that i've started checking the availability of specific hardware, eh, especially for the re-speakers. (PERSON3): And the total numbers, the eh subtitles per partner, then get automatically copied to this first sheet so you'll see how that balances the overall budget. (PERSON3): And then we will, depending on how much is that, we will probably purchase eh like two or or maybe even more for this (site) so that we can do the recordings of the re-speakers here. (PERSON3): So this should, we will have a next call a without [ORGANIZATION2] but with others on Thursday, so if you could do this before Thursday with some rough numbers, that would probably be good, well the time is running up. (PERSON3): It's we have like fourteen days to finish eh the proposal and that's that's very little. (PERSON3): So, [PERSON4], make sure that you are there as well. (PERSON3): And then, we have this automatic minuting, there will be more involvement eh from us and eh from al- from [ORGANIZATION6]. PERSON4]: Em, the thing we pay attention here is that there is a kind of a ehh ehh <unintelligible> so not all is the deliverable ones and we had to find a prototype a couple of months before the end of the project to allow the integration of it as well. (PERSON4): So deliverable is a (typical) pdf, and copied <unintelligible>

(PERSON3): Yea, exactly. (PERSON3): Let's eh, so I suggest, that to do the same thing. (PERSON3): Eh, so, eh, maybe, [PERSON1], if you eh  could suggest something for a for your for your work package? (PERSON3): All tasks running through all the project duration. (PERSON3): So, if you start a [ORGANIZATION7] doc, separate one then I'll, I'm happy to do the merging of the text into the Overleaf. <other_unrecognisable speech>

(PERSON1): No more questions from my side. (PERSON3): Jo, jo, teďka schválně, jestli to můžeš nějak uzavřít, uložit a pak mi poslat. (