DATE : 2021-07-16
ATTENDEES : PERSON8, PERSON12, PERSON10, PERSON6, PERSON4


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON8, PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON10 are on the call.
  They are going to discuss the development schedule for the project.
 -PERSON10 will prepare a basic Python-based translation system for a request.
  He will send the request to the PROJECT3 server and post it back to the requester.
 -PERSON6 had a problem with the internet connection.
 -PERSON8's guess is that the worker should work well with timestamps and hide them from Python and PROJECT3.
 -PERSON8 thought the agreement on Monday was different.
  The presentation platform will update the text incoming messages, but the incoming messages must be exactly what they want to be displayed.
 -PERSON8 and PERSON6 need to discuss whether the scrolling the history of previous texts fields is supported or not.
 -PERSON6 and PERSON8 are discussing the development schedule for the presentation platform.
  There is no prototype available at the moment.
  The first one should be ready on the 15th of June.
  ORGANIZATION2 calls with live subtitling are too far in the implementation for the organiser to connect to the ORNIZATION2 platform.
  The whole chat window is flooded with messages.
 -PERSON8 would like to switch to the ORGANIZATION2 platform.
  ORGANIZATION3 will prepare an image, ORGANIZATION4 will try to get it running.
  The presentation will be tested with ORGANIZATION2 after the call.
 -PERSON8 wants PERSON11 to create a script that will replicate the bug.
 -PERSON4 asks PERSON8 and PERSON6 to write a script to solve a problem with offline ASR.
 -PERSON8 confirms that the text text client is the same as in the sample.
 -PERSON4 will resend the email to PERSON6 and PERSON11 and PERSON9.
 -PERSON11 is responsible for MT clients on her side.
 -PERSON6 will not be able to help PERSON8 and PERSON6 today.
 -PERSON6 will reboot and try to lodge the ORGANIZATION2.
  If it doesn't work, he will contact PERSON8 next Friday.


Minuted by: Team ABC