[PROJECT3] meeting, 2020-06-30

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON9], [PERSON8], [PERSON19], [PERSON21], [PERSON17]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- in the book is still missing part about multilinguality
- rules for adding pictures into the book
- [PERSON8] is unable to create images, he can just extracte them from the papers
- it is necessary to rewrite [PERSON9]'s first part
- in 5.3 is still missing the last part and some discussion
- the pictures in the book must be done better
- it is necessary to finish subsection 3.1 a 3.2
- [PERSON21] finally managed to train FastText embeddings
- [PERSON21] needs to rewrite subsection 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 tonight
- everyone must read the whole book and comment on what's missing, what's wrong
- the next meeting will be 13th June
- planning watching ACL lectures

The minutes was written by: [ANNOTATOR2]
