Attendees: [PERSON7], [PERSON4], [PERSON16], [PERSON13], [PERSON1], [PERSON11], [PERSON8], [PERSON15]

Summary:
Andfinally , [PERSON4] will reach [PERSON4]'s  parents . 

[PERSON11] mean [PERSON11] kept [PERSON11]'s  distance from everyone but it was green there . 

[PERSON7] have link there in the in that Google sheet we have for tricking our deliverables or stuff . for these six up coming once [PERSON11] can basically start working on them . 

[PERSON11] can [PERSON11] can enter it here and [PERSON11] will just put it into the right place . But generally , there ASR also interesting for [PERSON1] . 

[PERSON8] do not know , who should we the summarization review . 

[PERSON8] think that that [little] should be like cross reviewed between [ORGANIZATION3] and us . there is there was not any , anything like that before . 

[PERSON1] is much rather read about ASR systems . if [PERSON8] do [PERSON8] send to [PERSON11] . 

[PERSON1] do not know , [PERSON1] think we managed to avoid such a thing before . another thing is like who would like to coordinate future projects . that they would finally know what like what these EU projects are about . PERSON9] , [PERSON8] have started this [PROJECT1] test sets some time ago . 

[PERSON11] know , where the repository lives . There is another meeting happening and [PERSON8] cannot answer him now . it is and kind of assorted collection of documents in terms of languages , and like modality the speech , or the text . the file list should be essentially like [fine graph] . And year 2 empty test set and year 2 ASR test set . whether he was not all test set from [PERSON7] . for the evaluation it is for the tool , we are still working on the SLTF , which is a private repository and [PERSON8] can see it , but it will be public wants finally finalize it . but [PERSON1] mean , [PERSON1] mean how [else] do [PERSON8] . this is all is risky with the lock files , because people still can misinterpret what time stamps should they use . And this is the time when its ASR was available like printed on the screen for the user . , thethe the one people misinterpret it then someone's results can be like shifted in bad ways . that people with really live , receive the sound , and they would like in in [actual] networks sockets provide the outputs . theORGANIZATION1] people review the [PROJECT1] test set , as [PERSON8] set it up and contribute to it in any possible way . 

[PERSON15] remember that some at the several months ago of [PERSON8] suggested that [PERSON15] can ask [PERSON15]'s  students and [PERSON10] said that we cannot expect volunteers possibly paid volunteers or nonpaid volunteers that makes some different , but not to it to just do slavery task on the data . PERSON12] [PERSON12] has , for example , link to one great site of speeches and he should run by textor and they and . If [PERSON8] are under represent to [languages] . 

[PERSON1] mean , we have been playing with this and we can certainly improve the stability . 

[PERSON1] mean we only tested this simulator ASR which talking this morning about trying to get more testing the ASR . if [PERSON8] are doing retranslation [PERSON8] are never going to be up to completely make it stable without actually messing up the end performs . 

[PERSON1] mean , it is whether we see it as a priority or not . But [PERSON1] agree that way we for this . The MT only translate will be get from ASR . 

[PERSON15] think there is a lot of research right now . maybe [PERSON8] think it totally makes sense to do this guesses . 

[PERSON8]'s  question back to [PERSON13] . Maybe , actually it will not be better if [PERSON8] could even create the Doodle Poll with time slots already for [PERSON5] . 

[PERSON4] , think that probably we if [PERSON4] would like to present to the same thing we should then everything right now put the same set up without the [audition??] . Might just , [PERSON4]'s  only worry is about how to presents the results to the project officier . 

[PERSON8] asked  And a question is , what should be the material that we are that we are subtitling . 

[PERSON1] think the idea screenshare is a good one . and [PERSON15] replied  It will be next week .